chore: add new blog (#523)
ebpf-io/ebpf.io-website: content/blog-posts/2023-11-08-ebpf-documentary/index.md

In the documentary, we learn about the early use case of eBPF in networking, tracing, and its impact on the cloud native ecosystem.

The eBPF story is one of collaboration and community. DockerCon 2017 was a pivotal moment, welcoming a tide of contributors and users who are now deploying eBPF in production environments globally. The story also highlights the formation of the [eBPF Foundation](https://ebpf.foundation/) which underlines the community's commitment to fostering the growth and adoption of this revolutionary technology.

We invite you to learn about the journey of eBPF from its inception to the successful merge into the Linux kernel and witness how it has grown to be deployed everywhere. The future is being written with eBPF, and this documentary is your gateway to understanding how we got here.

> You can watch the eBPF documentary [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cofiJSswcKg)
> 
> <iframe width="560" height="315" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen
> src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/cofiJSswcKg?controls=0">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can watch the eBPF documentary [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wb_vD3XZYOA)

<iframe width="560" height="315" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen
src="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wb_vD3XZYOA?controls=0">
```

> You can watch the eBPF documentary [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cofiJSswcKg)
> 
> <iframe width="560" height="315" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen
> src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/cofiJSswcKg?controls=0">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can watch the eBPF documentary [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wb_vD3XZYOA)

<iframe width="560" height="315" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen
src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/Wb_vD3XZYOA?controls=0">
```
